c:\users\hemdagem\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProEvoCanary\ProEvoCanary.Tests\obj\Debug\ProEvoCanary.Tests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\hemdagem\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProEvoCanary\ProEvoCanary.Tests\bin\Debug\ProEvoCanary.Tests.dll.config
c:\users\hemdagem\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProEvoCanary\ProEvoCanary.Tests\bin\Debug\ProEvoCanary.Tests.dll
c:\users\hemdagem\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProEvoCanary\ProEvoCanary.Tests\bin\Debug\ProEvoCanary.Tests.pdb
c:\users\hemdagem\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProEvoCanary\ProEvoCanary.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\hemdagem\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProEvoCanary\ProEvoCanary.Tests\bin\Debug\Moq.dll
c:\users\hemdagem\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProEvoCanary\ProEvoCanary.Tests\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.dll
c:\users\hemdagem\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProEvoCanary\ProEvoCanary.Tests\bin\Debug\ProEvoCanary.dll
c:\users\hemdagem\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProEvoCanary\ProEvoCanary.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\hemdagem\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProEvoCanary\ProEvoCanary.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\hemdagem\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProEvoCanary\ProEvoCanary.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\hemdagem\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProEvoCanary\ProEvoCanary.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\hemdagem\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProEvoCanary\ProEvoCanary.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\hemdagem\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProEvoCanary\ProEvoCanary.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\hemdagem\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProEvoCanary\ProEvoCanary.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\hemdagem\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProEvoCanary\ProEvoCanary.Tests\bin\Debug\ProEvoCanary.pdb
c:\users\hemdagem\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProEvoCanary\ProEvoCanary.Tests\bin\Debug\Moq.xml
c:\users\hemdagem\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProEvoCanary\ProEvoCanary.Tests\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.xml
c:\users\hemdagem\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProEvoCanary\ProEvoCanary.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\hemdagem\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProEvoCanary\ProEvoCanary.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\hemdagem\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProEvoCanary\ProEvoCanary.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\hemdagem\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProEvoCanary\ProEvoCanary.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\hemdagem\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProEvoCanary\ProEvoCanary.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\hemdagem\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProEvoCanary\ProEvoCanary.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\hemdagem\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProEvoCanary\ProEvoCanary.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\hemdagem\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProEvoCanary\ProEvoCanary.Tests\obj\Debug\ProEvoCanary.Tests.dll
c:\users\hemdagem\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProEvoCanary\ProEvoCanary.Tests\obj\Debug\ProEvoCanary.Tests.pdb
